\documentclass[12pt]{article}
\usepackage{fullpage}
\usepackage{hyperref}
\hypersetup{
    colorlinks,
    citecolor=black,
    filecolor=black,
    linkcolor=blue,
    urlcolor=black
}

\renewcommand*\contentsname{Agenda}
\linespread{1.25}
\usepackage[margin=1.15in]{geometry}
\begin{document}
\begin{center}
CSSS Events Committee Meeting \\
November 6th 2019 \\
\em Meeting called to order by Cole at 10:33am
\end{center}
\tableofcontents
\thispagestyle{empty}
\clearpage
\pagenumbering{arabic} 
\section{Introduction} \label{sec:Introduction}

The following people were in attendance: 
\begin{table}[h!]
\centering
\begin{tabular}{cc}
Name              & SFU Email        \\
Sarbjot Mann      & sarbjotm@sfu.ca \\
Argus Li          & ckl47@sfu.ca    \\
Hun Seol          & hseol@sfu.ca    \\
Cole Greer        & cmgreer@sfu.ca  \\
Nikola Filipovic  & nikolaf@sfu.ca  \\
Shiva Sanei       & sshanei@sfu.ca  \\
Hailey Friesen    & haileyf@sfu.ca  \\
Doris Chang       & changyic@sfu.ca \\
Oscar Smith-Siege & osmithsi@sfu.ca \\
Kia Mirsalehi     & kia\_mirsalehi@sfu.ca 
\end{tabular}
\end{table}

\noindent Cole thanks everyone for coming to the first meeting, he would like to go over what everyone wants to achieve with the committee, how to be successful and what events we want to do this semester and start planning for events for the start of the Spring 2020 Semester. \\

\noindent To start off Cole asks the members in attendance what are the expectations of this committee, Sarbjot mentions that we should have high expectations if we want the committee to succeed. There is conversation on what platform should be used, but we'll be trying Slack for now, and if it doesn't/isn't working well, we'll move to discord. \\

\noindent Nikola asks if anyone has any events ideas asides from Board Games they would like to propose. Hun replies that it would be nice and beneficial that if we ran a study/tutoring session, where we could book rooms and hold study sessions for courses. He also adds that this event would be aimed at first years as they most likely need help adjusting to studying for finals, but it would be open for everyone. (See \hyperref[sec:Tutor]{Studying/Tutoring Session}). Cole mentions that he would like to try and organize a \hyperref[sec:Skate]{Ice Skating and Restaurant Event}. Nikola also would like to talk about the \hyperref[sec:EoSS]{End of Semester Social}
\section{Studying / Tutoring Session} \label{sec:Tutor}
\noindent Hun proposes the idea that we hold a studying/peer tutoring session where students could get help and study for their courses, and that it would be nice that if the times for the room bookings ran with the first years schedule, but the event would be open to everyone. Sarbjot mentions that there is a frosh schedule for first years in the exec channel and Cole says he'll take a look at that. Nikola says that the ideal rooms would be TASC 9204 with the round tables or ASB 9896. The round table room would be beneficial as that would allow us to designate a table per course, where we could have one person who'll be able to help with x course at a table, or people could just study together as a group, so ASB 9896 will be the backup plan.  Cole says that he would like to structure it where we would have at least one tutor in the room at all times, for max benefit. Oscar mentions that Jack Zhou has ran this before and that we can talk to him for ideas, and how it has ran in the past.  \\ 

\noindent There is conversation that if we do want to do this we should start advertising soon, and start booking rooms soon as bookings can be an issue if delayed. As well as see who could be a potential tutor and when they're available. 

\section{Ice Skating + Restaurant} \label{sec:Skate}
\noindent Cole says that he would like to try an ice-skating event, and we could probably book the rink at Robinson Square which is run by UBC. Nikola mentions that we could also look at Kensington as we could just take the 95 down, and there is a White Spot a ~7 minute walk away.  There is discussion about having this event be closed or open to the public, Cole mentions that we should make it an open event as they generally work better as we have more people attend. \\  \\
\noindent There is conversation that we might have to charge an admission fee, but that'll be decided after talking to Kensington about prices, rentals ,etc. Nikola proposed the question that we might want to combine this with the End of Semester Social but there is discussion that we shouldn't combine events together, and Hayleys suggest we should make the Skating + White-Spot a  Welcome Back to the new semester event, to which there is agreement. It is also decided that we would go skating first then go eat. The event is currently proposed to be held on the 2nd Friday of Jan.

\section{End of Semester Social}\label{sec:EoSS}
\noindent Nikola mentions that he wants to start working on an end of semester social to raise spirits, and that an end of semester social allows people to de-stress before finals and celebrate the end of the semester. Nikola also suggests that the Friday before exam week starts seems like the best date, ideas also mentioned were a Pub-Crawl and possibly something else for students who are not of legal drinking age. He proposes a PubCrawl + Board Games. Cole replies that a pubcrawl would be a bit too much, and Ilia + Board Games would be better as it is closer and everyone can go there (If you're underage you need a Guardian to sign off to go to The Study). Oscar mentions that we have to plan with Ilia ahead of time to see if we can get any deals, bookings, etc.  \\\ 

\noindent Regarding Food and Drinks at Ilia, the CSSS would cover \$\ 10 for Food but would not cover drinks. The way this will be covered is that each table gets a 10 dollar discount per person and the CSSS covers the rest: So for example:  \\ \\
{\em Someone buys 22 dollar steak, 15 dollar pasta and 12 dollar whatever, Ilia charges 10 dollars each, so we end up paying 19 dollars (5+12+2)} \\ \\ 

\noindent It is proposed to have the end of semester social on November 29th.

\section{Motions} \label{sec:Motion}
\noindent Oscar mentions that we can motion everything at once for "end of semester events" to avoid any conflicts we might have. We also need to double check how much we pay for a grant (we'll talk to Mitch). If we don't get enough money from the grant we can pay out of pocket for the studying sessions. 

\section{Next Semester Board Games} \label{sec:Board}
\noindent Cole asks when do we want to start to book rooms for Board Games next semester, as sometimes the first Board games is a month after but this semester we had our first board games fairly early. For food in the future we'll have to be creative if we want to keep getting Faiths (if we don't get grandfathered in), we'll have to get the pizza delivered to Forum Chambers and tell SFS we'll eat there, but we'll discretely bring the food to TASC 9204.  \\ 

\noindent It is decided that Board Games will start at on the first Friday of the new semester. \\ 
\section{Action Events}\label{sec:Action}
The following tasks were assigned: \\
- Contact Club Ilia for pricing, booking the back room has been assigned to Cole \\
- Motion for a Grant at the next CSSS meeting was assigned to Hun and Kia \\
- Book Board Games Rooms for next semester has been assigned to Sarbjot \\
- Contacting Kensington and WhiteSpot was assigned to Argus.  \\ \\

\begin{center}
\em{Meeting Adjourned at 11:20am}
\end{center}
\end{document}