\documentclass[12pt]{article}
\usepackage{hyperref}
\hypersetup{
    colorlinks,
    citecolor=black,
    filecolor=black,
    linkcolor=blue,
    urlcolor=black
}
\usepackage{titlesec}
\titleformat*{\section}{\large\bfseries}
\titleformat*{\subsection}{\normalsize\bfseries}
\usepackage[margin=1.15in]{geometry}
\linespread{1.25}
\begin{document}
\begin{center}
CSSS Events Committee Meeting \\
November 20th 2019 \\
\em Meeting called to order by Cole at 10:11am
\end{center}
\tableofcontents
\newpage 
\section{Attendes} \label{sec:Introduction}
The following people were in attendance: 
\begin{table}[h]
\centering
\begin{tabular}{cc}
Name                   & SFU Email             \\
Sarbjot Mann           & sarbjotm@sfu.ca       \\
Cole Greer             & cmgreer@sfu.ca        \\
Argus Li               & ckl47@sfu.ca          \\
Hun Seol               & hseol@sfu.ca          \\
Nikola Filipovic  & nikolaf@sfu.ca  \\
Doris Chang            & changyic@sfu.ca      

\end{tabular}
\end{table}

\section{Updates} \label{sec:Updates}

\noindent After taking attendance the first order of business is to see if there are any updates since the last meeting regarding the Action Events from the last meeting.

\subsection{Argus's Report}
\noindent Argus sent an email to White Spot and they haven't replied back, so he's hoping that Kia has something to report as he knows someone who used to/works at White Spot. If he doesn't hear anything by the end of today, he will call White Spot today and ask about group rates. 


\subsection{Hun's Report}
\noindent Hun mentions that las week him and Kia did a grant proposal, but apparently Mitch has also sent a grant proposal around the same time, and because of having submitted multiple grants there was a small issue. Sarbjot adds on that Mitch mentioned that we would be paying for snacks and drinks for the study session out of pocket, as it won't be much, so the conflict should be over. 

\subsection{Cole's Report}
\noindent To add onto the conflict situation in Hun's report, Cole says that Mitch asked Cole about the EoSS grant details, as he (Mitch) had to submit a grant soon, in order to get it approved.  It is also confirmed that the CSSS will pay \$10 per person regarding food options. 

\subsection{Sarbjot's Report}
Room Bookings are going well, it is on Jay's to-do list and Jay is hoping to get an email sent by tomorrow.  Sarbjot also mentions that VJ said that he'd take care of Secert Santa.

\subsection{Doris's Report}
Nothing to Report

\subsection{Nikola's Report}
Nothing to Report

\subsection{Discussions on Reports}
\noindent There is some discussion on officially deciding a date for the skating event. Since the first board games is on Jan 10th it is decided to either have it on the Monday or Friday following. There is some discussion on how Monday's typically not a good day for an event, especially if we have to travel there. Therefore, it is decided to have the Skating Event on Jan 17th 2020, which is on a Friday.

\section{Idea Pitches} \label{sec: Idea}
\subsection{Annual Video Game Social}
\noindent The Events Committee congratulates Hun, Doris and Oliver on how well their First Year social went. Hun adds that he thinks it'll be a good idea to have this event annually, and potentially have it along side of Board Games. However, Argus adds that if we combine it to one event, we'll have two distinct groups instead of the people interacting with each other. \\

Sarbjot says that we could have "Video Game Socials" as a monthly event, and have it held in between two board games, but in order to continue with this we'll have to see when people are able to bring in their consoles, as CSIL can have some issues with setting the games up.  Cole mentions that he'd also like to see us purchase an adampter for HDMI to component so we could connect the consoles to the projectors. \\

There is conversation in asking the engineers for their consoles, but it is decided that that is too much work as they'll have to unlock their locks, unhook everything and set it all back up when it's done. 

\section{Open Floor} \label{sec: Open}
Hun would like to pick up some snacks from local grocery stores and/or from Costco for the study session but he'll need a ride. Cole agrees to drive him. \\ 

\noindent Hun also mentions that we should begin advertising the committee, so more people can get involved. An idea about posters is brought up, Sarbjot adds that the CSSS does get poster money from the SFSS but is unsure how to access it, as he only has access to the CSIL account.  In addition to posters Hun adds that he would like to see an Exec position of a "Social Media Designer" who just makes graphics, he mentions that he asked a few execs in the common room and they replied with "it's nnot worth it and takes a lot of time". Cole replies that they could have roles such as Graphic Designer within the committee.

\section{Delegation of Future Tasks} \label{sec: Future}
\noindent The following tasks have been assigned: \\
- Cole will continue talking to Club Ilia\\
- Doris will talk to White Spot  \\
- Argus will drink water to dilute salt levels \\  \\ 
In the next meeting we will discuss roles, as hopefully more members are able to attend.

\begin{center}
\em{Meeting Adjourned at 10:55am}
\end{center}

\end{document}