\documentclass[12pt]{article}
\usepackage{hyperref}
\hypersetup{
    colorlinks,
    citecolor=black,
    filecolor=black,
    linkcolor=blue,
    urlcolor=black
}
\usepackage{titlesec}
\titleformat*{\section}{\large\bfseries}
\titleformat*{\subsection}{\normalsize\bfseries}
\usepackage[margin=1.15in]{geometry}
\linespread{1.25}
\begin{document}
\begin{center}
CSSS Events Committee Meeting \\
November 13th 2019 \\
\em Meeting called to order by Cole at 10:45am
\end{center}
\tableofcontents
\newpage 
\section{Attendes} \label{sec:Introduction}
The following people were in attendance: 
\begin{table}[h]
\centering
\begin{tabular}{cc}
Name                   & SFU Email             \\
Sarbjot Mann           & sarbjotm@sfu.ca       \\
Cole Greer             & cmgreer@sfu.ca        \\
Shiva Sanei            & ssanei@sfu.ca         \\
Argus Li               & ckl47@sfu.ca          \\
Hun Seol               & hseol@sfu.ca          \\
Doris Chang            & changyic@sfu.ca       \\
Celina Wright          & ckwright@sfu.ca       \\
Oliver Xu              & oxu@sfu.ca            \\
Kia Mirsalehi (Remote) & kia\_mirsalehi@sfu.ca
\end{tabular}
\end{table}

\section{Updates} \label{sec:Updates}

\noindent After taking attendance the first order of business is to see if there are any updates since the last meeting regarding the Action Events.

\subsection{Cole's Report}
\noindent Cole has been in contact with Club Ilia for End of Semester Social and the booking for November 29th is confirmed for 17:00 - 23:00. Cole and Club Ilia are still talking about how the payments should work. Club Ilia is suggesting we do a shared food bill with a set budget. Cole has asked if it is possible if it okay if we just pay ten dollars directly and that is taking off the bill. Victoria (Club Ilia Rep) will talk to her general manager to see if that is allowed and get back to us. 

\subsection{Sarbjot's Report}
\noindent Sarbjot emailed Jay and asked about the procedure about booking rooms for next semester. Jay replied back that for all bookings for next semester have to go through Tracy (CS Dept Manager), and Sarbjot has emailed her to book TASC 9204 for Board Games for every other week of the Spring 2020 semester, and has yet to hear back.

\subsection{Hun's and Kia's Report}
\noindent Hun says that him and Kia have messaged Anna for the grant for EoSS and are waiting on a response. Hun also looked at room bookings in the Education Bulding but only Education Staff can book Rooms and view room bookings. Kia mentions that him and Hun will see if they can book rooms in ASB or TASC.

\subsection{Argus's Report}
\noindent Currently proposed to be hosted on the second Friday of January 2020.The rink is open to the public on Mondays, Thursdays and Fridays.Normal pricing is divided into segments.  The two relevant segments are Toonie Skate and Public/Adult Skate.  Toonie Skate is held on Mondays from 11:45 am – 1:15 pm and from 6-8 pm.  The cost is a Toonie per person including skate rentals.  Public/Adult Skate is held on Fridays from 6-8 pm. The cost is 4.24 per person and skate rentals are an additional 3.10 per person.  A limited number of helmets are available at no-charge on a first-come first-served basis.  Groups of 15 or more must provide arena program coordinator (Katherine 6042974530) with at least five days’ notice so that appropriate staff levels can be arranged.  There are no group rates unless the rink is booked.A second option is to book the rink.  The only available time to book the rink would be 12:45 am on Saturday 11 Jan 2020.  This is a non-prime time and will cost approximately 185 dollars per hour and an additional 22 dollars in liability insurance.  Skates will need to be provided as the skate shop will be closed. \\ 

\noindent White Spot at KensingtonAn email has been sent inquiring about group rates to the White Spot close to the Kensington Complex.  A reply hasn’t been received yet

\subsection{Discussions on Reports}
\noindent Due to the Cost of the Ice Rink, Celina suggests we find another rink, if we don't do go with the \$2 option. Cole add-ons that he likes the rink at Robinson that is run by UBC, and that could be an option. Celina also mentions to Sarbjot that the CS Department might be flooded with emails so he should go see Tracy in person regarding the room bookings for next semester. 

\section{Idea Pitches} \label{sec: Idea}
\noindent Hun proposes idea of having Bottle Deposits Runs as the amount of gather in the Common Room would make some money. He also adds that in his old school they (his classmates and him) would go collect recyclables and they would take them to a bottle deposit it and earn about 40-50 dollars per run. There are some issues that are brought up with the two main issues being storing and getting the bottles and cans to a depot. The latter will be solved once the express bottle deposit opens up at the parking lot near Pizza Hut and the Noodle place.  \\ 
\subsection{Bottle Deposits Runs}
\noindent Hun proposes idea of having Bottle Deposits Runs as the amount of gather in the Common Room would make some money. He also adds that in his old school they (his classmates and him) would go collect recyclables and they would take them to a bottle deposit it and earn about 40-50 dollars per run. There are some issues that are brought up with the two main issues being storing and getting the bottles and cans to a depot. The latter will be solved once the express bottle deposit opens up at the parking lot near Pizza Hut and the Noodle place. 

\subsection{Secret Santa}
\noindent Sarbjot and Cole bring up if we want to look at Secret Santa again as it run well last year. There is a consensus that this is a good idea and will be combined with End of Semester Social. Sarbjot adds that VJ expressed interest running it again, when he asked about it on Discord.  Celina and Argus add that what we could do is, when its time to give gifts we make a binary tree with the gifts being nodes. 

\section{Open Floor} \label{sec:Open-Floor}
\noindent Cole asks the attendees what is left for our current events. Cole asks Argus if he wants to reach out to Robinson Square, Argus says that looking into Robinson Square isn't worth it due to how crowded it can be. \\ 

\noindent Cole will continue talking to Ilia about payments, and will report back next meeting. \\ 

\noindent Hun says that in the future we could do a fundraiser event or "charge a free" event like a hackathon or some type of tournament. Sarbjot mentions that we have two hackathons being planned for the next semester (Mobify and Mountain Madness) and both events are a a charged event, but fundraising is a good idea for the future. Hun also mentions that the Event Committee allows us to plan more events, as we have more people working on them asides the execs, which also helps out the DoE.  \\

\noindent There is some discussion on the study sessions, about how we currently only have two tutors available (Cole and Sarbjot), and that we need to start asking around soon.  

\section{Delegation of Future Tasks} \label{sec: Future}
\noindent The following tasks have been assigned: \\
- Kia and Argus will talk to White Spot to see if there is a group rate \\
- Kia and Hun will look at booking rooms for the studying sessions 

\begin{center}
\em{Meeting Adjourned at 11:36am}
\end{center}

\end{document}